c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\Gbi.Web.dll.config
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\Gbi.Web.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\Gbi.Web.pdb
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\obj\Debug\Gbi.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\obj\Debug\Gbi.Web.dll
c:\Users\yong.zou.corp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\Gbi.Web\obj\Debug\Gbi.Web.pdb
